Dad...
Dad. let's go home.
So I can explain...
Just look at him.
Thando. do you think this is a joke?
- Let me help you...
- No!
Dad.
It's you.
I'm Kolobe.
Uncle!
Zee. talk to me.
It was him.
- What are you talking about?
- Uncle.
Uncle who?
Uncle. the caretaker.
Don and Grace's chemist.
Don't lie. are you sure?
I'm telling you.
As soon as I saw his face. I just froze.
Zinhle. can you get
another look just to be sure?
Is he still there?
I'll call you back.
I've been looking for you.
I'm sorry.
Have you seen the headline? Look.
And Dad?
You...
Get the hell out of my house.
Hey. girl!
Where are you going? You also
running away from the drama in this house?
With my friends.
You and Linda...
Do you love her?
Very much.
Who else could it be?
She hates that Don chose Linda to be CEO...
No. I don't care. You know. Don...
- When I heard he's getting married again.
- Again?
So you're really leaving?
I don't think I'll be here
when you come back.
I'll still see you around.
We have to find out
what he does for Don and Grace.
He introduced himself as Kolobe.
I looked him up online
but couldn't find anything.
You need his full name.
Will you be okay?
- I'll be fine.
- I know you really liked him.
That's when I thought he was a good man.
That's why you can't trust anyone.
That's why you should stop
whatever you and Ndu are doing.
I told you there's nothing going on.
I'll let you know when I find his name.
Bye.
Tata.
And get out of my house.
Just like that?
You can't make a decision like that
without talking to me first.
My role in this company
has nothing to do with Thando and I.
Grace did all of this. Dad.
My...
My relationship with Thando...
- I tried...
- Thando is my wife!
There's that big mouth again.
You're better than this.
You'll never get the kind of love
you need from Don.
You'll have to imagine it.
Thank you. Sisi.
Angela's interviewing us tomorrow.
It will help us present a united front.
This thing with Linda...
If I knew
you and I would have
sorted it out quietly.
Don't do this.
Thank you.
He's bald...
Ndumiso. Your father wants to see you.
Sit down.
Mama. What's this about?
What's up?
What's going on?
Between the two of you.
Are you two in a serious relationship?
I want you to do
the Durban shoot together.
You've come out of your shell
since you started shooting with my son.
But you do know that...
Who am I?
Thando. who am I?
Who am I now?
If I'm not a Bhengu?
Please excuse us.
Don't do that.
I'm Calvin Madimetja Mamabolo.
But you can call me Kolobe. Everyone does.
Nice to meet you.
Calvin Madimetja Mamabolo.
Find out everything you can about him.
We'll speak when I get back from Durban.
What's up. my bro. are you good?
I need a favor today.
Are you free later?
Don't worry. beers are on me.
Cheers.
Brother!
- My brother.
- Hi.
How are you?
What do you use to shave? Huh?
- A razor or shaving cream?
- Who are you?
Look. I had a bad pie.
I need to use your toilet.
- How is that my problem?
- Please help me.
Please. he really needs to use the toilet.
Please. my brother.
Go that way...
I won't find it. why don't
you just show me where it is.
Let's go.
My brother...
- Are you okay?
- Thanks for helping me.
Zinhle. look.
We've got them.
Look.
What are you doing?
The cellphone signal in here is terrible.
I wasn't doing anything.
I was just struggling with the signal.
How do you get anything done around here?
You came.
Here you go.
Have you met my family?
I'm always stressed.
All of them.
Tell me...
What's wrong?
I can't do this.
- You can. You're the one who called me.
- It was a mistake.
Grace. what do you get
for being faithful to a man...
- Be careful of what you're saying.
- He doesn't want you.
He doesn't respect you. Grace.
Why are you wasting
your life with someone...
Wait. Don't you dare lecture me.
What have you been doing all this time?
What kind of man does that?
Then you spend years
serving Don like some garden boy?
- Don't do that.
- Listen. Kolobe.
I have money.
I have children. I have everything.
What about you?
What do you have?
- What do you have?
- Don't do this.
You have nothing.
I think you were right...
What about you?
What do you have?
Zinhle. look.
We've got them.
Look.
- Bro.
- Sure.
Did you see the video?
- Yes. are you sure?
- Yes. I'm sure.
I broke into Kolobe's house
and heard him talk to Don about it.
They're moving operations to China.
We need to make sure that we expose them.
Okay. I'll call you back.
Zinhle. I'm falling for you.
I've had my eyes on you...
You must be joking...